Yotpo Updates 2.3.4 (#245)
magento/merchdocs: src/reports/review-reports.md

title: Review Reports
---

If using the built-in Magento Reviews, Review Reports provide information about product reviews by customer and by product.

If [Yotpo Reviews]({% link marketing/yotpo-reviews-intro.md %}) is enabled, the built-in Magento Reviews function and reporting (By Customers and By Products) is disabled. [Yotpo Reporting]({% link marketing/yotpo-reporting.md %}) is accessed in your Yotpo account.

## Magento Reviews

**By Customer**

![]({% link images/images/reports-marketing-customer-reviews.png %}){: .zoom}
_Review Report By Customers_

The Customer Reviews Report lists all customer who have submitted product reviews. The report includes the number of reviews submitted by each customer, and a link to the list of reviews.

**By Products**

![]({% link images/images/reports-marketing-product-reviews.png %}){: .zoom}
_Review Report by Product_

The Product Reviews Report lists all products that have been reviewed by customers. The report includes the number of reviews and average rating, the product was last reviewed, and a link to the list of reviews for each product.

## Yotpo Reviews

> [Yotpo](https://www.yotpo.com/) is a user-generated content marketing platform enabling merchants to gather, curate, manage, and respond to all kinds of user content from just a single platform. For more Yotpo information, see [Yotpo Reviews]({% link marketing/yotpo-reviews-intro.md %}) and [Yotpo Reporting]({% link marketing/yotpo-reporting.md %}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Yotpo](https://www.yotpo.com/) is a user-generated content marketing platform that enables merchants to gather, curate, manage, and respond to all kinds of user content from just a single platform. For more Yotpo information, see [Yotpo Reviews]({% link marketing/yotpo-reviews-intro.md %}) and [Yotpo Reporting]({% link marketing/yotpo-reporting.md %}).
```

Author: made change directly in file. unable to commit from suggestion
